---
title:  "BingieTV (Ad-free) (App)!"
subtitle: "Free Entertainment"
author: "Skorpz"
avatar: "img/authors/wferr.png"
image: "assets/img/posts/project-1.png"
date:   2021-12-28 10:10:12
---

## What is BingieTV?
BingieTV is a modular search tool for content. It crawls Movie/Tv Shows hosting websites and it can find and return the videos hosted on those sites, all using the Modules built by the amazing members of our community.

### Information:

BingieTV is a Clone of the BeeTV app, but with Modded Features!

BingieTV allow you to watch Movies and Tv Shows online for free, and it work on most Android phones, Android TV Boxs and most Amazon Devices and its pretty easy to install.

### Features/Mods:
- Ads disabled / removed;
- Disabled / Removed unwanted Permissions + Receivers + Providers + Services;
- Optimized and zipaligned graphics and cleaned resources for fast load;
- Ads Permissions / Services / Providers removed from Android.manifest;
- Ads links removed and invokes methods nullified;
- Ads layouts visibility disabled;
- Debug code removed;
- Remove default .source tags name of the corresponding java files;
- Analytics / Crashlytics / Firebase disabled;
- News promo banner announcement removed;
- Promo Apps cleaned from menu;
- Choose Player popup disabled;
- Disabled choose subtitle dialog;
- Languages: Full Multi Languages;
- CPUs: armeabi-v7a, x86;
- Screen DPIs: 120dpi, 160dpi, 240dpi, 320dpi, 480dpi, 640dpi;
- Original package signature changed.

## How to Install:
Here is a step-by-step guide on how you can install the BingieTV app.

Just be sure to follow the right steps for your device, if you encounter any Problems just check out our [**F&Q Page**](https://teamskorpz.github.io/FAQ.html) for help.

### Android Steps:
> - Enable Unknown Sources
>> By default Android does not allow the installation of APK files on Android devices due to security reasons, but as mentioned before BingieTV is 100% safe and legitimate app.
> - Go to Android settings, then click on Security, and then enable Unknown Sources.
> - Now press [**Here**](https://github.com/TeamSkorpz/teamskorpz.github.io/releases/download/Bingie-TV/BingieTV.apk) to download the latest version!
> - It will now download the latest version of BingieTV!
> - Go to the Downloads folder in your File Manager on your Android device.
> - Select the file 'BingieTV.apk' to open it and click on Install, now wait for a few seconds.
> - The app is now installed, you can now launch it from the homescreen.

### Important Step!
> You need to install a video player for BingieTV to work!

> We Reccomend using [**Titan Video Player**](https://teamskorpz.github.io/2021/11/08/Titan-Player.html) for the best streaming experience!


### Amazon Steps:
> - Ask alexa to Install the (Downloader) app or press [**Here**](https://amzn.to/3oIIJhM) to open the Amazon website.
> - Once installed, Open the (Downloader) app and enter the code `12672` then press enter!
> - It will now download the latest version of BingieTV, now you want to install it.
> - So when it open's the file, press install, then press done.
> - BingieTV is now Installed on your Device, Enjoy 
